README.md, before:

# Phase 3 Clinical Trials Project (Dec 22 - Present)
### Overview:   
### Companies with clinical trials in phase 3 are high risk high reward investments. This project aims to mitigate this risk by compiling data for phase 3 clinical trials (ClinicalTrails.gov) with job posting details (LinkedIn.com) for the tracking of company job activity as a potential early indicator of trial success.
![Flowchart](https://github.com/TylerJSimpson/personal_project_clinicaltrials_2023/blob/main/Flowchart.jpg)
___
### Stage 1: Clinical Trial Data
* **EXTRACT:** Utilize [AACT PostgreSQL database](https://aact.ctti-clinicaltrials.org/) which populates data from ClinicalTrials.gov and interface with Prefect Python pipeline
* **LOAD:** Prefect pipeline loads the data into GCS and BigQuery landing zones
### Stage 2: Job Data
* **EXTRACT:** Prefect pipeline queries Clinical Trial Data and parses companies to LinkedIn to extract the number of jobs for each company  
* **LOAD:** Prefect pipeline loads the data into GCS and BigQuery landing zones
### Stage 3: Serve Data
### Stage 4: ETL Sentiment Data

___
### Tools:
#### * Programming: Python, SQL
#### * ETL: Prefect, DBT
#### * GCP: GCS, BigQuery
#### * Serving: Looker

Commit message:

Add multiple updates
This commit is an overall update to the structure of this project.

- aact_studies now named nct
- created new gcs bucket and prefect block to reflect this
- introduced nct_source_mapping table and started building pipeline
- updated readme files to reflect changes

README.md, after:

# Phase 3 Due Diligence (P3DD) 
### Companies with clinical trials in phase 3 are high risk high reward investments. P3DD aims to mitigate this risk by compiling data for phase 3 clinical trials with job posting details for the tracking of company job activity as a potential early indicator of trial success.
![Flowchart](https://github.com/TylerJSimpson/personal_project_clinicaltrials_2023/blob/main/Flowchart.jpg)
___
### National Clinical Trial data (nct)
#### Utilize [AACT PostgreSQL database](https://aact.ctti-clinicaltrials.org/) which populates data from ClinicalTrials.gov.
Pipeline(s):
* placeholder
Table(s):
* placeholder

### Company data (source)
#### Utilize [OpenFIGI](https://www.openfigi.com/) which contains company data based on their Financial Instrument Global Identifier (FIGI).
Pipeline(s):
* placeholder
Table(s):
* placeholder

### nct to source mapping
#### Manual mapping used to map the source field (unclean company name) from the nct data with the name field (clean company name) from the source FIGI data.
Pipeline(s):
* placeholder
Table(s):
* placeholder

### jobs data
#### Utilize Linkedin to parse company names and compile job details.
Pipeline(s):
* placeholder
Table(s):
* placeholder

___
### Tools:
#### * Programming: Python, SQL
#### * ETL: Prefect, DBT
#### * GCP: GCS, BigQuery
#### * Serving: Looker
