project/bigquery_sql/README.MD, before:

# BigQuery SQL Details
External table and initial table creation in BigQuery for clinicaltrials_2023 project.   

## aact_studies
[aact_studies.sql](https://github.com/TylerJSimpson/personal_project_clinicaltrials_2023/blob/main/project/bigquery_sql/aact_studies.sql) - creates the **aact_studies_external** table with the data from gcs created by the [aact_postgres_to_gcs_and_bq.py](https://github.com/TylerJSimpson/personal_project_clinicaltrials_2023/blob/main/project/prefect_pipelines/aact_postgres_to_gcs.py) and then creates a managed table **aact_studies** which will be used by dbt.  

## linkedin_jobs
[linkedin_jobs.sql](https://github.com/TylerJSimpson/personal_project_clinicaltrials_2023/blob/main/project/bigquery_sql/linkedin_jobs.sql) - creates the **linkedin_jobs_external** table with the data from gcs created by the [linkedin_to_gcs_and_bq.py](https://github.com/TylerJSimpson/personal_project_clinicaltrials_2023/blob/main/project/prefect_pipelines/aact_postgres_to_gcs_and_bq.py) and then creates a managed table **linkedin_jobs**.

Commit message:

Add multiple updates
This commit is an overall update to the structure of this project.

- aact_studies now named nct
- created new gcs bucket and prefect block to reflect this
- introduced nct_source_mapping table and started building pipeline
- updated readme files to reflect changes

project/bigquery_sql/README.MD, after:

# BigQuery SQL Details
External table and initial table creation in BigQuery.   

## nct
[nct.sql](https://github.com/TylerJSimpson/personal_project_clinicaltrials_2023/blob/main/project/bigquery_sql/nct.sql) - creates the **nct_external** table with the data from gcs created by the [nct_postgres_to_gcs_and_bq.py](https://github.com/TylerJSimpson/personal_project_clinicaltrials_2023/blob/main/project/prefect_pipelines/nct_postgres_to_gcs.py) and then creates a managed table **nct** which contains the National Clinical Trial (nct) data that will be updated via truncate and write daily.  

## linkedin_jobs
[linkedin_jobs.sql](https://github.com/TylerJSimpson/personal_project_clinicaltrials_2023/blob/main/project/bigquery_sql/linkedin_jobs.sql) - creates the **linkedin_jobs_external** table with the data from gcs created by the [linkedin_to_gcs_and_bq.py](https://github.com/TylerJSimpson/personal_project_clinicaltrials_2023/blob/main/project/prefect_pipelines/aact_postgres_to_gcs_and_bq.py) and then creates a managed table **linkedin_jobs**.
